c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.dll.config
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.dll
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\sb-admin-2.Web.pdb
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\obj\Debug\TeacherQualityReview.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\obj\Debug\sb-admin-2.Web.dll
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\obj\Debug\sb-admin-2.Web.pdb
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\Excel.dll
C:\Users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
C:\Users\luutr\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TeacherQualityReview\TeacherQualityReview\bin\Excel.pdb
